now Daniel lifshitz is the grandson of
retired Israeli journalist odad lifshitz
who was taken captive during the October
7th attack and he's joining us live from
Tel Aviv thank you very much for your
time this evening firstly um what if
anything have you heard about your
grandfather in
Gaza so Elizabeth hi um well my
grandfather the last thing that we know
about him is that uh is 180 days ago
when uh my grandmother been released she
told us that probably he's dead because
he got injured in his hand the terrorist
shot the door of the safe room and he
got injured in his hand and they dragged
him outside took my
grandmother rolled her in a carpet put
her on a motorbike legs one side hands
the other and the last scene of my
grandfather was him they just threw him
by the house uh bleeding and unconscious
she thought he's not with us but then in
the first release uh two hostages saw
him one with a white galabia uh bleeding
next to her and then uh he got kind of a
treatment and another hostage came back
she' been there for 55 days and she said
that she'd been there for six months
imagine every hostage think it's a three
days over one and she said that he was
with her for a month he was actually
even changing for her diapers there they
are old people and um he has a blood
pressure issues and a lung disease and
he faint and they took him and since
then we'd have nothing about him we
don't know anything about him in the
last six months and uh it's unimaginable
that my grandfather he is the only great
grandfather held hostage in the world
that's a horrible title for 84 years old
man on Saturday uh Mr lifshits I'm sure
that you're following you know all of
the reports around the ceasefire
negotiations very closely given that
they involve the release of Israeli
captives one of the most recent sticking
points seems to be that um you know
Hamas is willing to release something
like 303 captives but Israel wants to
make sure that the captives that they
are released are alive what do you say
to
that so I don't want to listen to too
many Rumors in the media but I know that
uh the deal that Hamas agreed now is not
what they spoke about before but I know
that Israel made a painful con
concessions to uh come to a deal and uh
the negotiation teams are in Cairo and I
I hope that they will get into making
this deal and end the suffer of uh all
the sides uh personally those uh first
hostages supposed to go out are in a
very bad
humanitarian situation we don't even
know the situation as Hamas didn't even
let the Red Cross to see them so we have
no information um what I'm looking for
is that they will be able to negotiate
until a deal is uh done because every
day we are losing them as as as you said
33 hostages we don't know who's alive
who's not I don't know the real number
there but I'm sure that uh many of them
are not alive anymore because all those
people over 80 years old my grandfather
H Perry those who fought all their life
for the coexistence of the Palestinians
and the Israeli my grandfather was
taking sick Palestinians to the Israeli
Hospital Seck gazin from Aris border
every Friday to a very expensive
treatment of uh chemotherapy
bringing them back and this guy been
kidnapped during a hudna from his house
in kibuts N Ro there he should be
released unconditionally that's what I'm
looking for that it's impossible that we
are even speaking seven months after
about release of old people I mean
that's against everything that's against
religious that's against the Quran
that's really against every
humanitarian uh issue every human
humankind we have seen many things
happen over the last seven months of
this war that are against every
International humanitarian law the
protests calling for the release of
captives haven't stopped since the War
Began but judging by the Israeli
government's actions do you think that
they're having an impact do you think
that the Israeli government is
prioritizing your grandfa the other
Israeli
captives look if we are here seven
months after so uh it means the priority
was not at first for every part but now
in the last few months I see that uh
they tried to uh get into a deal and uh
now everyone are negotiating in Cairo
and uh unfortunately you know in the
Middle East someone wise told me the
negotiations are Under Fire I would
prefer they will be not under Fire and
there will be no more suffer not for
civilians in the Palestinians side and
on our side and they could be able to
get to an agreement that end that
because you know the end of the war is
down river to the release of the
hostages and I was in Doha in January
and I look on the Prime Minister
Muhammad and Bin Abdul Rahman bin Jim
malani and in his eyes and he's telling
me that he's doing everything for the
release to I called them to make more
pressure and more effort to end the
suffer of everyone and make sure all the
hostages are coming back the 132
hostages and Gaza can go back to uh
rebuild and as well you know I feel that
all Gaza is kidnapped by Hamas as well
not only my
grandfather that is Daniel lifshitz the
uh grandson of one of the Israeli
captives being held in Gaza thank you
for your
time make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from aler